# [463. Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/)

You are given row x col grid representing a map where `grid[i][j] = 1` represents land and `grid[i][j] = 0` represents water.

Grid cells are connected horizontally/vertically (not diagonally). The grid is completely surrounded by water, and there is exactly one island (i.e., one or more connected land cells).

The island doesn't have "lakes", meaning the water inside isn't connected to the water around the island. One cell is a square with side length 1. The grid is rectangular, width and height don't exceed 100. Determine the perimeter of the island.

### Assumption

- the length of the grid is at least 1
- `m` and `n` are positive integers
- `grid[i][j]` is either `0` or `1`
- `m` is the number of rows in `grid`
- `n` is the number of columns in `grid`

### Algorithm

Perimeter of an island is the number of edges of the island. An edge is a land cell that is adjacent to water or boundary of the grid.

1. Use a variable `perimeter` to store the perimeter of the island
2. Scan the grid, for each cell if its neighbor is water or boundary, increase `perimeter` by 1

For BFS
1. Use a queue to store the coordinates of the cells to visit
2. While the queue is not empty
   1. Dequeue the head of queue
   2. For each neighbor of the cell
      1. If the neighbor is water or boundary, increase `perimeter` by 1
      2. If the neighbor is land and not visited, enqueue the neighbor
      3. Mark the neighbor as visited

For DFS
1. Use recursion to visit the neighbors of the cell
2. Base case: 
   - If the cell is water or boundary, return 1
   - If the cell is land and visited, return 0
3. Mark the cell as visited
4. Recursion case:
   - sum the recursive calls of the neighbors of the cell
